# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 20ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 42ms
    [gap of 46ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 117ms
  [gap of 34ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 155ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 52ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 24ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 89ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 112ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 23ms
    [gap of 28ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 75ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 95ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 27ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 52ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 17ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 11ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 12ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 27ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 70ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 89ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 23ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 35ms
    [gap of 51ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 124ms
  [gap of 26ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 156ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 62ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 46ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 22ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 17ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 18ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 57ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 70ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 57ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 32ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 62ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 35ms
    [gap of 28ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
  [gap of 19ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 114ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 33ms
    [gap of 21ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 82ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 99ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 74ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 90ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 14ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 32ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 14ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 62ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

